Is he doing what I think he's doing?
What am I doing and of the day parking at a romantic lookout point? I hope it's not too obvious
This is a makeout spot. This is totally a makeout spot. Yes. It's about time, okay
Maybe this was too aggressive. should play it chill
We've been on three dates now hurry up and make a move. I think I can see my house from here
That's your move. Cows are always up here grazing. So if you smell something, it's probably them (sure it is) Oh dear. God
It's getting worse. Okay? He's probably nervous. Maybe I should let him know I'm comfortable oh
Oh my gooood
She unbuckled her seat belt. She's getting cozy. I can do that, too
Just grab a seat lever to gradually refine !!!
Too cozy
I'm actually used to power seats. You know?
Wait why am I waiting for him to show interest first? I know what I want. I'll initiate
Oh how about some physical contact and let's know I'm ready
For a second I thought the North Star was doing to a south star, but I realized it's just a plane
AHAHAHAHA! Punch*
Ha he should get the hint now
Aaaaaaa!! (Alex you're a man god dammit)
Calm down Rhonda Rousey! Oh no, how's my breath? I can't make it with bad breath
Ok casually bring my hand to my mouth Cop Exhales sniffs
Did she just yawn? Oh God she's bored. I'm boring? She probably thinks I brought her up here to talk about astrology
Stupid! stupid! stupid! I just had to order Garlic Parmesan wings tonight
Oh, wait, my emergency mints. I knew you come in handy now to get them into my mouth
She's getting impatient
Er, let's see what's on the radio
Radio??
He doesn't want to talk? Maybe he's not interested (just maybe)
[Radio] in aggregate the results
Suggested that European banks were in a healthier position than when the last exercise was conducted in autumn 24 a do stuff
He's too intellectual. I don't know I can contribute to this conversation??
Okay. I know none of these words
I actually heard this one last week, and if you ask me, it's quite
Dubstep could be romantic right?
this totally puts me in the mood if I were a robot
Ahh. Espenol. the language of love (what?)
Mariachi? All right, I can't be this guy at all and I'm just hungry (your always hungry)
mmM tacos
Did she just lick her lips? It's a sign
Why is he looking at me like that?
she sent the invite it's time for me to RSVP! Yeah! (go get her!)
Ohh. He just did a quick lip glance! Is he going for it? I'm going for it. Holy crap. This is happening
Oh, shoot. I still have them in my mouth! Tilt right. hes going right. Stay on target
Beeep!!!* (dammit its ruined)
I swallowed my mint
I know gross, right?
Yeah, totally making it a lookout point? So cliche. Tell me about it.
Dang it
I'll take you home now
Alright sure. I guess I'll just have to wait till the next chance
Whenever that is
So hang out tomorrow? Yeah!